Typo fixes(SBIE9304.md) (#63)
DavidXanatos/sandboxie-docs: Content/SBIE9304.md

The service component of Sandboxie (SbieSvc) has experienced some error related to inter-process shared memory sections.

> This message typically occurs when the Sandboxie service is restarted while one or more program is running sandboxed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This message typically occurs when the Sandboxie service is restarted while one or more programs are running sandboxed.
```
